Add beta testing remark and intro to top-level readme (#320)
UniversalRobots/Universal_Robots_ROS_Driver: README.md

This driver still has the two main components: the driver itself, and the ROS-independent [client library](https://github.com/UniversalRobots/Universal_Robots_Client_Library/tree/beta-testing-boost).
Additionally, there is the new package of [Cartesian ROS control](https://github.com/fzi-forschungszentrum-informatik/cartesian_ros_control/tree/beta-testing) that brings new ROS-specific functionality.
In the spirit of ROS control, these things are best kept robot-independent so that more robots can use them. That's why you'll find this package apart.

The adapted [build instructions](#Building) show you how to set things up quickly.
Reporting issues is handle on the three main repositories:
- [Issues concerning the driver](https://github.com/UniversalRobots/Universal_Robots_ROS_Driver/issues) (please mark them with *beta-testing*)
- [Issues concerning the client library](https://github.com/UniversalRobots/Universal_Robots_Client_Library/issues) (please also mark with *beta-testing*)
- and [issues concerning cartesian_ros_control](https://github.com/fzi-forschungszentrum-informatik/cartesian_ros_control/issues).

> Additionally, please feel free to email further suggestions, inquiries or any other feedback to [ROS@universal-robots.com](mailto:ROS@universal-robots.com).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please give us feedback to [ROS@universal-robots.com](mailto:ROS@universal-robots.com) on what you have tested and how it worked out.
```
